[Kotoko] Wow...
Talk about
a lack of personality...
[Saki] So... How old are you?
I just turned nineteen.
And at present, I'm going
to the same university
that you and Kuro
both attended.
I met you once
a long time ago
when you were at
the university hospital.
The university hospital?
I guess I can't blame you
for not remembering.
It was over four years ago.
What you said earlier
was a lie, right?
That you're Kuro's girlfriend.
I mean, you're not
Kuro's type in the slightest.
Since someone who was
his type dumped him so cruelly,
it makes sense he might
seek out the complete opposite.
Ow!
[groaning]
I heard that Kuro's cousin in
the hospital had passed away,
so maybe he talked to
this girl in desperation,
and now, he just
can't get rid of her...
[angry grunt]
You think
you really know it all,
but behold how happy
we look as a couple
in this photo!
Kuro clearly isn't happy
in this picture...
He looks bored.
It's just because he's shy!
That lie won't work
on someone
who dated him
as long as I did.
[sigh]
So... How is Kuro, anyway?
He's still studying
at the university.
Since he's not getting
married to you,
there really isn't a need
for him to rush
to get a job anymore.
He had always talked about
heading on to graduate school.
Our plans for marriage
were included in that.
And yet, the two of you
didn't get married.
You did run away from
your fiancée, after all.
Well, what could I do?
The possibility of him
not being human
had never crossed my mind.
[kettle whistling]
It was...all too much.
Of course, you're not wrong
in your appraisal.
Kuro seems perfectly human
to the untrained eye,
but likely cannot
be classified that way.
But, I'm in
a similar situation too.
So that makes us
the perfect match,
don't you think?
Similar, you say?
So what are you?
Yokai, ayakashi,
and spectres...
They all look to me
as their Goddess of Wisdom.
Think of me as a priestess
who mediates their conflicts
and works on solutions
to their problems.
Hmm...
I don't think a priestess
can be deflowered...
[opening music]
[Kotoko] More importantly,
Steel Lady Nanase is
the issue at hand.
Has the police department
already started
an investigation?
One of our detectives
noticed something strange
going on in the city,
so he's looking into it.
Are there
any damage reports?
It's only a matter of time
until we see them.
That Steel Lady Nanase
was far more violent
than I'd heard about.
If we don't do anything,
she might commit a murder soon.
Yes. Have to say
I'm afraid of that too.
We need to deal with
her threat immediately.
Whether it's a yokai
or urban legend,
has there ever been
an incident serious enough
to call for police action?
Hard to believe that something
so uncertain, so vague
could actually cause
an incident.
But Steel Lady Nanase
is different.
A quite astute observation.
Proper monsters tend
to be rather modest in public,
and try not to
draw any attention.
But there's nothing proper
about her.
That's why, the respectable
ghosts and monsters
that have resided in the area
for quite some time
have been living in fear and
came to ask me for my help,
even if it meant traveling
hundreds of kilometers.
Hmm...
By the way...
Why didn't Kuro make
the trip with you?
[choke]
Since the yokai
are afraid of him,
he'd be pretty
useful right now.
And besides,
he's not the type of person
to let someone he cares about
go yokai-hunting on their own.
I'd planned to finish quickly
and head straight home,
so I didn't see
the need to invite him.
But the way you are,
you'd invite him like
it was a vacation.
Yes, well, that's because...
he contracted
a highly infectious disease...
Why'd you look away
when you said that?
May I have some more coffee?
Answer me first!
[gulp]
Yeah, okay, the truth is...
Kuro disappeared last week,
and I can't get
a hold of him.
He hasn't replied to
the voicemails I left him.
Here. This was the last message
he sent me.
"Something came up.
Don't look for me."
No, seriously...
Kuro does not like you.
Like I said,
Kuro just isn't very good at
expressing his feelings...
I told you lies like that
wouldn't work with me.
[heartbroken cry]
I'm the only one fit to be
with that big idiot!
Why is he acting like this?!
Back when Kuro and I
were dating,
he never even once
ignored any of my phone calls
or text messages.
He was always...
right there by my side,
whenever I needed him to be.
[angry]
You have some nerve bragging
when all it took
was a little kappa
to scare you off!
Wha--?
I'm just worried about Kuro
because you're clearly
some kind of stalker!
There's no reason
for a woman
who severed all ties to Kuro
to be worried about him!
That's right.
This has nothing to do
with me now.
But it's unlike him to go
a week without contacting you?
Definitely weird.
Huh?!
Well, yeah.
Still though,
it's not like I don't
have any leads at all...
Besides he won't actually die
even if you kill him.
It's likely that whoever
tries to kill him
will be in for
a really big disappointment.
Barring something awful,
he'll just come back to life.
So she knows about
Kuro's condition too.
And she stays with him,
despite that fact.
She's doing what
I couldn't do.
I guess she really does
deeply care about him.
I promise to do
whatever I can
to solve the Steel Lady
Nanase situation.
But if you bump
into her again,
I suggest you run away
while it's still an option.
That monster is ferocious.
It's risky to take it on
in your state.
I mean,
your eye it's fake, right?
Ah, so you did notice that.
One eye and one leg.
This is what makes me
so close to the gods,
as well as the ayakashi.
Which is also the reason
that I'll be perfectly fine.
Well, then...
Thanks for the cup of coffee.
Oh.
If you would like me to,
I'm happy to send
an invitation whenever
Kuro and I tie the knot.
Don't bother!
Hmm...
I never would've imagined
I'd run into Saki.
How random.
But I doubt I'll ever
see her again.
[lifting herself up]
My, such a lovely view.
Shall we go now?
I wonder...where will
Steel Lady Nanase appear next
in Makurazaka City?
Karin Nanase.
The idol,
real name Haruko Nanase,
wasn't particularly famous.
Though her fame grew
because of how she died,
most people didn't know
about her before.
She was discovered in June
at the age of seventeen
[agency president]
Those melons are superb!
Their glory can't go unnoticed!
[assistant] Sir, please stop!
You can't blurt that out...
[Karin] You're a fool
if you think my chest is
all I've got going for me.
Oh! So vivacious!
The total package!
She was scouted by
the president of
a talent agency.
She struggled in
the beginning,
but a year after her debut...
[manager]
Hey, I landed you a new job!
It's a main role in
a late-night drama!
What?
With hearts on fire,
let's go!
♪ Here on my back
is a tank full of gas ♪
♪ and that's a warning ♪
♪ I'm very modest
to the max ♪
♪ but I won't hesitate
with any attack ♪
♪ I already know
I'll be risking my life ♪
♪ but that's a given ♪
♪ Patiently you have been
waiting all of this time ♪
♪ I'm sorry for letting
my trigger finger ♪
♪ take all control ♪
♪ Burning scalding ♪
♪ I'm in pain, but
I'm fired up with passion ♪
♪ I know just what to do ♪
♪ Pack it all together
to share with you ♪
♪ Grant me this wish,
please oil tycoon ♪
♪ Show me your field and ♪
♪ I'll paint them
with my flames ♪
♪ We'll watch together ♪
♪ Burn it to a crisp
with embers of our dreams ♪
♪ Tell me, great general,
what I'm doing is fine ♪
♪ Love should be naked
so let's watch the world ♪
♪ burn into ash ♪
♪ Gone in a flash ♪
♪ Magic nights I will
show you an inferno ♪
♪ You will never forget ♪
Offers to be on TV
and radio started pouring in,
She was praised
for her beauty,
quick wit and skilled speech.
She passed
the entrance exam
to a renowned university
in a single try
which also made headlines.
Looking only at her history,
you could consider
her life a success,
but she never amounted
to more than an idol
with a cult following.
But her luck also
brought misfortune.
Some held
a grudge against her.
So we're left to ask:
What were the events that
led to Karin Nanase's
untimely death
and brought the Steel Lady
into this world?
Huh?!
There's a whole site
about her?
What?
In June of the year
she turned nineteen,
hen her idol career
was on the rise,
Karin's father died.
He fell down the steps
to his apartment.
It was ruled an accident,
and nothing about it seemed
suspicious at the time.
In honor of my father,
I'm going to keep working hard!
However, near the end
of November that same year,
suspicions suddenly began
to arise about his death.
There were rumors
Karin Nanase
resented her father because
he quit work
when she got famous,
so she killed him and
made it look like an accident.
There was also a large
life insurance policy
covering him.
Her father had begun
complaining to his friend
a month before his fall
down the stairs.
[angry grunt]
That girl's made
a damn fool of me.
She's always rubbed
how smart she is in my face.
[Saki] A note hinting
at his suspicion
that his daughter
was trying to kill him
was discovered five months
after his demise.
That story made
the rounds online,
and it wasn't long before
the tabloids and
gossip papers picked it up.
[agency president]
[angry gasp]
How dare they publish
this ludicrous article?!
Some other agency must've
spread these rumors.
I'll sue their asses
for libel!
But sir, a lawsuit,
only exacerbates things.
The wise move is to
let it quiet down.
You should go rest
somewhere far away.
I know you have
what it takes
to get through a trial
like this.
You don't need to tell me
what I already know.
I will be back soon enough,
so just do your job,
and find me my next one.
[Saki] And so, Karin Nanase
went on hiatus.
Jumping from one hotel
to another,
staying one step ahead
of the paparazzi,
In late January,
she found herself
in Makurazaka City...
with no idea that
she'd die a few days later
not far from her hotel.
[Saki] Detective Terada?
Hmm?
Do you think
it's completely unfathomable
that Steel Lady Nanase
could actually be a ghost?
And here we go again...
After taking a look
at Nanase's history,
it could make sense for her
to reappear as a ghost.
Suspicions that she was behind
her father's death
were never cleared up,
and those who spread
the rumors
refused to take responsibility.
I'm sure Karin Nanase was
doing whatever she could
to get her name out there.
I think I get it,
how she'd come back
as a vengeful spirit,
just to attack society
as a whole.
I think I can believe
that much.
Yes, of course,
I realize the existence
of ghosts seems far-fetched.
I don't deny they exist.
Things like spirits...
I believe in them enough
to go visit
my relative's gravesites
at least once a year.
But her?
Something's just different.
Like she's...
She seems artificial.
People saying
she's wearing a mini-skirt
or is missing part of her face,
or swinging a steel beam...
That all just sounds
like stuff
the society that drove
Karin Nanase to an early death
would be excited to hear about.
If she truly came back
to become a vengeful spirit,
it seems strange that
she'd be dressed that way.
That means, there must
be something else,
something hiding in the shadows
other than an idol's will.
He's right.
If the Steel Lady's supposed
to be a vengeful spirit,
logically, she probably
wouldn't be pandering
to the masses.
But Steel Lady Nanase
is a vengeful spirit,
but sadly, at this point,
it's nearly impossible
to convince
Detective Terada of that.
That's not all...
The possibility does exist
that her accidental death
may have actually
been a murder and
that's what caused
the Steel Lady Nanase
incidents to begin.
Ah! Right. Yes, of course.
The investigation files...
If you'd look through them
for me,
and just explain the important
parts to me later.
That would
be extremely helpful.
Right.
[Kotoko] I'm completely
lost about what to do...
Normally, I'd be able to
just talk to the ghosts,
even if they didn't
have a face,
we could still communicate.
It goes without saying,
those who are powerful
enough to kill people,
have to possess a certain
amount of intelligence.
But that's not the case
with Steel Lady Nanase.
She's supposed to be a ghost,
but I sensed no will
or ability to think,
and she didn't respond
to my voice.
A grudge, evil thoughts,
vindictive feelings...
Those should power
her existence,
but I don't sense them
in her, either.
It's almost as if
she's an empty puppet...
Her very existence is
enough to terrify
all of the yokai
in Makurazaka City
out of ever going near her.
I really wish I had more useful
information to work with...
This illustration looks
exactly like
what I encountered yesterday.
Between all the eyewitnesses,
and knowing what the living
Karin Nanase looked like,
I'm sure something similar
could be drawn,
but is it possible to
draw something this accurate?
This illustration looks
like it was done
by someone who saw
Steel Lady Nanase personally.
[gasp]
Except...
It's actually the opposite.
If that's true,
it's going to be much
more difficult to defeat her.
First thing's first,
I need more info.
All the information
they have online
is a jumbled mess.
I want accurate references,
everything regarding
Karin Nanase's death
from a reliable source.
Which means the police.
[groan]
The last thing I want is
to ask Saki for a favor!
The body of Karin Nanase
was found
on Saturday January 30th.
The location was
a construction site
that was near her hotel.
She was found by
an old man who lived
between the hotel
she was staying at
and the construction site.
The night before I discovered
the young lady's body,
I thought I heard something
like a steel beam falling.
It was really raining
hard that day,
So, I thought that
might've caused something
to fall apart.
I went to check
the next morning.
[gasp]
And as I figured,
some steel beams had fallen.
[Saki] The steel beam
that had killed her
was about three
to five meters long,
and the body's face and
head had been shattered.
Her face was unrecognizable,
and dental records
wouldn't help.
Everything was crushed
from the neck up.
The police found
her cell phone, wallet,
and university ID,
which led them to believe
that it was Haruko Nanase.
Her fingerprints
from the hotel room
matched those on
her personal belongings,
they declared the body was,
in fact, Karin Nanase's.
The estimated
time of death was
between midnight
and 1 a.m. on the 30th.
Which also matches the time
the old man heard the noise.
The police continued
their investigation
with the possibilities
of an accident,
murder, or suicide.
But officially,
it was ruled an accident.
Normally,
they would've come
to a conclusion much faster...
Perhaps it's because
this was the bizarre death
of an idol,
but they're taking
their time and
putting a lot of work
into the investigation.
Probably because
the department's reputation
is on the line.
But there's one part,
one thing that's bugging me.
Karin's older sister
and the statement she made.
- She...
-[sudden knock]
[surprise]
Huh?!
[fear]
[knock]
[Saki startled]
[yokai] [snarl]
[gasp]
[in pain/startled]
[whimpering]
[Saki] Yokai?
Saki scared]
[Gen'ichiro] I'm terribly sorry
to disturb you so late!
Ugh! I cannot blame
your ladyship
for being surprised
by my visit!
Allow me to
introduce myself!
I'm the Tree Spirit
known as Gen'ichiro!
I have come
before you tonight
on orders from our lady
of one eye and one leg!
Our lady of
one eye and one leg?
It must be her!
[Kotoko] Yay!
I beg of you!
Please do not
be violent with me.
I come to you in peace!
And besides,
I am nothing more than
an old and frail tree spirit!
Please stop.
There's no reason for
a spirit to fear me.
And could you please
keep it down?
Oh...
But my lady told me
that you had rather
violent and brutal tendencies.
And that I should be careful,
and mind my manners...
I'm punching that brat
the next time I see her...
Okay. So, what does
she want with me?
It's in regards
to the Steel Lady
Nanase situation.
She wanted to humbly
request your assistance
in the matter.
She needs my help?
[Gen'ichiro] If you cannot
offer any assistance,
then from now on,
prepare for every night
to be just like this...
The tree spirits Gen'jiro,
Gen'zaburo, Gen'shiro,
and so on
will come asking
for your assistance,
just as I have tonight.
How many of you are there?
This is basically
just bullying me!
Well, according to my lady,
she wants to learn everything
there is to know
about the life
and especially,
the death of
the human entertainer
known as Karin Nanase,
So she can figure out
how to defeat
Steel Lady Nanase.
As for why
she wanted to know,
she'd like to meet with you
and tell you herself.
She's also wondering
about what lead
to Karin Nanase death?
All right, then.
Where do I go?
[waitress]
Thank you for waiting.
Here's your seafood yakisoba.
I wonder if Saki
will actually show up.
Even if she were
to help me out,
I wonder if she'll
be able
to provide me with any files.
Not bad at all.
[grade-schooler ghost]
My lady?
Hmm?
Steel Lady Nanase
just showed up.
Where at?
The 3-chome bus stop
in Makurazaka.
She's close.
Once Saki gets here,
please tell her to either
wait for my return here
or go to where
Steel Lady Nanase has appeared.
But make sure that
she gives it a little time.
'kay.
And Saki just adores children.
She'd love to dote on you.
Plus, I'm sure
she wouldn't mind
if you touched her butt
or squished a boob or two.
All right!
Her face will be priceless.
But, most importantly,
we can't let any civilians
get attacked.
It's impossible for me to
try covering the whole city,
but since
she appeared close by,
I need to do something.
-[metal tapping]
-[growl]
It's her!
Oh no...
She's attacking someone.
[panting]
[growl]
[Kuro grunts and groans]
[gasp]
[struggling]
[fear]
Is that Kuro?!
Kuro Sakuragawa is
having trouble
with Steel Lady Nanase's
fierce attacks.
She is no normal spectre.
After Karin Nanase's death,
why did she manifest
as a monster and
gain such powers?
Next time,
"A Monster of the Imagination."